Add AWS Systems Manager Plugin to  pre-requisite in README (#25)
cisagov/awssh: README.md

## Pre-requisites ##

- The [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) installed on your system.

> - The [AWS SM plugin](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/session-manager-working-with-install-plugin.html) installed on your system.

Reviewer: This should also resolve your linting failure.

```suggestion
- The [Session Manager plugin for the AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/session-manager-working-with-install-plugin.html)
  installed on your system.
```
